Add new function to container image management: Docker buildargs (#238)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/image-management.adoc

RUN rm -f /etc/zypp/repos.d/susemanager:dockerbuild.repo
----

//TODO: Replace the "custom-system-info" link
.Using Custom Info Key-value Pairs as Docker Buildargs
You can assign custom info key-value pairs to attach information to the image profiles.
Additionally, these key-value pairs are passed to the Docker build command as `buildargs`.

> For more information about the available custom info keys and creating additional ones, see '/refernce/system/custom-system-info.html'

Author: What should be the actual link text here?

Reviewer: For the moment, the link should be "xref:reference:systems/custom-system-info.adoc[]", IMO.

> For more information about the available custom info keys and creating additional ones, see '/refernce/system/custom-system-info.html'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about the available custom info keys and creating additional ones, see xref:reference:systems/custom-system-info.adoc[].
```
